wow that was quite a formidable mr. in
his Starsky it lets me order none
Georgia here so please welcome the
gorgeous dia mirza and the dashing vive
con giannone mukesh lukien kakaka
production house born free entertainment
welcome to the show guys thank you
congratulations to begin with thank you
very much I think I might amuse bouche I
Veena Malik okie upload bot silos aboard
ship friends reg again so when did this
idea of becoming business partners cover
come about kabhi yeh kya kiya business
manager a carton I had thought of this
story Eyedea Cylons eyes were working on
this action comedy licorice I don't know
lick 2k say they were contemplating
making it and humbugs I pitcher pivot
his hey Roscoe and I just looked at I
when I said z why don't we just do this
ourselves because we're passionate about
it homes on taking me Scully kal kya
karna aur kabhi kabar kya hua tera ki
AAP kahan Ebola captain kisi aur ke hot
meditate or favour kahani come or
project saga ban jati and we put our
world team together like that and jihad
way of course experience kisser earth
have a Harper hair like Javed service
doing the lyrics for the film
salim-sulaiman are doing the music for
the film the GOP is an experienced EOP
asim bajaj who's done a phenomenal work
so the departments that required the
experience have it and the young the use
that we needed in the film has come in
in different forms but other industry
may take a mixing friendship and
business has not gone down very well
whether it was srk and farah whether
it's sanjay gupta sanjay dutt so who's
Gagarin at this stage I would say one
thing very simply resides I'll and I
share a deep sense of love respect and
trust in each other and everything else
is secondary talking about born free
entertainment itself kidnap but I hear
your project financially we have been
given wings to do exactly what we want I
think the idea is to entertain
economically hum kisi bhi level perk up
he be as he film a van a Matar a jumper
yo film key requirement a juice kahani
key requirement hey o sea que ser Davos
made all day suzuki adoro biggie Jay
okay Picasso veni vidi vici
back when we started hiring and we told
people that we wanted to spend five
months in pre-production on a romantic
comedy ninety percent of the people's
jaw dropped to the floor because they
didn't understand the concept of why we
would need five months to prepare for a
romantic film the idea is to give the
actors the technicians enough time to
prepare for the roles that mean they
need to execute on set so whether it was
our mood boards or production design our
costume design or the actors dialogues
everything was given to everyone two and
a half three months before we actually
go on flow but there's this trend and
your actors producers been Rihanna bohot
saw the forthcoming horror I up and why
is it happening Apollonius like yukia I
love cinema mucha hamesha i Elega
tequila kisaki met director when we like
in director how about the one who ii but
escaped early my producer wendy i think
it was the most natural decision I've
ever made I think producers are more
hands-on rather than you know just
between the money bag you know the table
profit you know you're more involved the
entirety of the process then I think
that's what really challenges but that's
fun actors who turn producers because
it's just the level of involvement
really that excites you yeah now we have
a very big family we were responsible
for like close to 250 people but it
feels good it's not a power trip for us
at all yeah it's not I mean for us it's
you know even the bond free way is it's
very democratic there is no boss there's
no sir everybody calls each other by
their names and if you have something
more intelligent to input then please go
ahead and do it in some ways isn't just
a big a gamble though then acting as a
producer what happens one wrong move and
it could be devastating how does that
work simple lake sentence my Balu if you
risk nothing you risk nothing you said
it's a people driven industry so it's
major happening it's me Salome ascetics
close to ten years for you Joe
connections when I hand you your
contacts burning here gajab our
production hi shuru kar de hey sir
that's what's going to help link up BR h
ro said okay everything hurts you every
day we are just grateful for all the
people who have come forward some of the
deals that we've got which are financial
deals with Europe she wouldn't have got
to go the people that have brought them
to us correct no absolute right and
absolutely what happened to the
mainstream acting that continued on the
side of course acting's my first love
ma'am Asia you know of Nijo Jovi
pictures anjel gusta directors kassad
karuga but always give as much time as I
would give to my own production house I
was like panicking two months ago I'd
like oh god I please finish all your
sketches with everybody else I'm you
doin mind she's like really like she's
like I want you to finish all your films
before we start I'm like you know I also
have a life I am very passionate and I'm
a bit of a control freak i like to be
very indifferent I'm very I'm a big
control freak I like to be involved with
the tiniest of details and make sure
that everybody on my film is comfortable
and happy and positive and enjoying the
process she does a wonderful job of
order and I have consciously backed out
from a lot of work to be able to execute
this correctly she really is like them
the mother of the company you know and
she said I'm Java doctors mother has
been like oh I probably does java saw
everything she does with such a sweet
smile a time yeah you know what would
you say Z says ah the most beautiful
producer in the country this is why I'm
motivated to cover the night to write a
song whatever was thank you so much for
joining us on the show and really really
wishing the very best from all of us
here thank you thank you very much